chore: add contribution guidelines document (#32)
The-Mycelium-Network/webworkbook: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to web://workbook

## Guidelines

The main intent of the web://workbook project is to be a curated resource for web developers with a focus on those new to computers and technology.

### What is curation?

One of the definitions of curation according to the [Merriam-Webster dictionary](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/curation) is as follows:

> The act or process of selecting and bringing together people or groups for a specific purpose

Now if you replace people with content, that would be an accurate description of what curation means in the context of the web://workbook.

With that said, curation does not mean copying. While you can, and should, use quotations from works that explain a topic well, there are a couple of points to remember:

1. Never copy large portions of text verbatim i.e. using exactly the same words; corresponding word for word.
2. Always reference, and link to your sources.

> 3. Almost put quoted text as quotes in the document.

Reviewer: Didn't get the meaning of "Almost" here @schalkneethling. Would you mind elaborating a bit? It seems to be a matter of English/idiom 😅 Also, wouldn't quoted text already come as quotes?

Author: Oh, that is a typo :)

```suggestion
3. Always put the quoted text as a block quote. [Block quotes in Markdown](https://commonmark.org/help/tutorial/05-blockquotes.html)
```
